PDA part presents the ipod touch take
part directions warning the following
directions will void your warranty
you're performing this repair at your
own risk this video is copyright ax
Micro Solutions Inc make sure to click
the subscribe button and also click the
link to our website PDA parts comm on
the right side of your screen for all
your parts and accessory needs please be
sure to visit us on the web at PDA parts
comm use discount code at checkout
YouTube for 5% off your first order for
a limited time using a case opener tool
available at PDA parts com you're going
to need to slide it around the edge
releasing the metal back from the front
of the case fall on the edge with the
case opener tool to release the back
you
using the case opener tool are another
soft object you will need to remove the
battery the battery is held in with glue
so be careful
there's a piece of tape at the bottom
remove that tape and underneath it you
will find three screws please remove the
three screws using a small Phillips
screwdriver
you
there's one more screw located near the
connector for the battery remove that
one also using the Philips screwdriver
using a small flat-blade screwdriver or
even the case opener tool remove the
metal shielding from the bottom of the
unit
you
you're now going to release the tab that
is holding the ribbon in for the screen
flip it up and pop the ribbon right out
using a small phillips screwdriver at
the top board you will need to remove
two small screws with the phillips
screwdriver there's another small ribbon
cable connected to the top board they
only need to carefully remove by pulling
up and disconnecting it from the
connector
you'll now be able to remove the board
at the top of it watch out there is a
metal piece that is being held on with
some glue you'll need to sort of pry it
up carefully to be able to release it
after you get the board up be careful it
will not totally remove from the unit is
still attached by a ribbon and a board
at the bottom
using a Phillips screwdriver you're
going to now remove 16 small Phillips
screws you might want to pause the video
and remove those before continuing on
with all 16 screws removed you will now
be able to remove the LCD sometimes you
get stuck a little bit in there but it
will pop out it's not being held in any
longer
you now have full access to the LCD and
digitizer